[DOCS] Adds the 7.11.2 release notes (#93699)
elastic/kibana: docs/CHANGELOG.asciidoc

--

[[release-notes-7.11.2]]
== {kib} 7.11.2

coming::[7.11.2]

The 7.11.2 release includes the following bug fixes. For information on the breaking changes, refer to <<breaking-changes-7.11,Breaking changes in 7.11>>.

[float]
[[bug-v7.11.2]]
=== Bug fixes
Alerting::
* For simplistic email servers, set `rejectUnauthorized` to `false` {kibana-pull}91760[#91760]
APM::

> * Include *Services* with only metric documents {kibana-pull}92378[#92378]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes an issue preventing metric-document only services from displaying in the Services overview list  {kibana-pull}92378[#92378]
```
